Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. The dollar breaks below
key levels ahead of the Fed decision,
falling to its weakest since the central
bank's tightening cycle began more than
three years ago.
>> Bloomberg learns that a group including
Oracle, Adris, and Horowits, and
Silverlake is set to take over Tik Tok's
US operations, leaving China's bite
dance with less than 20%. Also ahead,
China issues wide ranging measures to
stimulate the services economy, building
on efforts to boost consumption.
[Music]
Good morning. It's the approach to the
Fed decision. Some things haven't
changed, some things have changed. So, I
think just worth noting that we are
coming off the longest win streak in
terms of Asian equity markets going back
to about five or so years. And that's
nine straight days. We're snapping that
as I speak. That could change of course
going into the rest of the trading
session. What hasn't changed though?
Well, what what has changed is really as
it pertains to this weakness in the US
dollar and the break below a trend, a
break below the July low that we hit.
And at 1188, we're pretty much trading
at the weakest or the lowest on this
specific measure going back to early of
2022. Gold, as you can see, is inching
ever so slowly but almost surely uh to
the 3700 as far as spot goes. Uh RSI
bottom of your screens, we can talk
about that later. in terms of this
breakout in the dollar. And as you can
see, if you're looking at exchange rates
and they don't look familiar to you,
it's because they they don't. Uh the
Aussie dollar for example is now 67
cents. Last time we saw roughly these
levels was back in 2024. Fix in focus
today. Dollar again has a 146. Euro
dollar is closing in 119. We also get
inflation coming through later today out
of the UK plus of course the Bank of
England decision to contend with too. uh
in terms of what happened overnight uh
the golden dragon index here's an
interesting bit so you have a couple of
changes to individual ratings here the
latest one to come through was actually
Goldman on Alibaba the price target
lifted there arete actually raised to
buy uh B was raised to buy atteang I
think their sell rating so they actually
skipped a step uh into the upside and of
course NEO one to focus on as well given
just how the premium there as far as
that's concerned right uh Going into the
open today, futures are looking like
this. Two things to note as far as
policy pronouncements. We have of course
at 11:00 a.m. local time. The uh policy
address coming through out of the chief
executive more with Stephen Angel of
course our man who's covering this for
us. And of course later today, I believe
it's at 3 p.m. local is the services
sector briefing maybe to expand on what
was already announced overnight in terms
of flows. It turned negative for the
first time I believe in 12 days
yesterday as far as that's concerned.
But yes, lots uh certainly lots of Oh,
by the way, I almost missed this. Um for
those who are looking at the weather, a
potential T1 typhoon signal could be
raised I think anytime between tonight
and tomorrow morning here in Hong Kong.
>> Just another day in Hong Kong. Um really
now paradise. But certainly be quite
interesting what we're going to hear
whether it's a policy address, but
certainly uh what's really kind of
driving these markets is still the tech
space. And I think that these upgrades
that you're seeing, right, whether it's
NEO, whether it's Alibaba, just adds
more fuel to this whole AI trade here.
The chip stocks in Japan, for example,
are on a tear once again. Uh that fix
certainly one to watch now that we have
dollar China at a 710 handle for your
offshore rate. That policy address from
John Lee as well. It could be a pretty
long speech. Uh consumption sector we
say. So it's really targeting sports,
entertainment. So we'll look for some
some of those sectors there in
particular and whether they move on the
back of this 19 sort of measures that
were announced.
>> No new funding though.
>> No new funding though. We'll talk about
that. But yeah, gold, property,
consumption are certainly the ones to
watch there. We talked about the
upgrades. Uh CGB sale too today.
>> Yeah. Uh really on the back of that too.
So we're going into this I think well I
think important the framework here is
we're coming off fairly disappointing
economic numbers, right? So on top of
the services um outline that they've put
out as well, we're getting a few media
reports as well. So in terms of the
securities journal reporting that China
has enough fiscal policy to support
growth. So that's supporting that
narrative. And of course also coming
through on the PBOC front, the
Securities Journal rather on the PBOC
front is expected to ensure ample
liquidity going into uh September. So
they're sort of bringing out most of
sort of the backs stops here as we go
into I guess the thick of things and we
these markets try and understand where
we go from here especially as valuations
have now effectively mean reverted on
MSEI China as far as this is concerned.
>> Yep. And then of course we're watching
very closely the Fed decision the like
and I think the vibe getting into this
is really to just sell the dollar.
>> Yeah.
>> Um because of you know you got to wonder
what the dots are going to look like.
But when you talk about Treasury yields
in the 2-year basically have collapsed
some 20 basis points already,
>> you know, how dovish does it have to be
to to sustain these gains right now?
>> And what does a Mr. Myin who's part of
the conversation now effectively mean?
>> 50 basis points, right? Could that still
be on the table?
>> How do they sell that though? the only
time that they've been be able to
deliver 50 and I think Stephanie Lung
out of Stashaway who'll be joining us in
the top of the next hour has pointed out
that I think the Fed has only moved 50
in emergency cases right in this case do
you back date it's backdated 50 right
and what does it means for uh the front
end of the curve and how much more
collapsing can we actually get as far as
Ivon is pointing on 20 basis points and
that Paul Dobson joins us out of
Singapore right now our executive editor
for Asian markets so Paul this time
tomorrow we'll understand where the dots
will
Should we expect trading today to be
fairly cautious and rangebound given how
you know how far equity markets for one
have have already melted up in fact?
>> Yeah, good morning David and Von. Well,
I think the one thing that you'll want
to watch out for is the currency market
as you've been talking about and whether
we get a UN fix below 7.1 today given
the weakness in the dollar overnight. um
there seems to have been a little bit of
resistance uh to to to pricing through
that level and and allowing for further
UN appreciation. So that could be an
interesting one to watch out for, not
just for the Chinese currency, but as an
anchor for the rest of the region. Uh
and that may give us a little bit more
excitement and volatility. You know, we
did see the euro punching through to
that 4-year high uh overnight for us. Um
otherwise though, it's that typical kind
of prefed lull that we're going to be
moving into a little bit. there is some
weakness in equities today and I guess
that might have partly to do with uh the
the uh strength of local currencies but
I also wonder if given that huge rally
that we've had uh the very long run of
gains there's a little bit of a pullback
people kind of sitting now and uh uh
taking a little bit of chips off the
table as they get ready to see just how
doubbish as you said just how dovish the
Fed is actually going to be.
What are we looking at in terms of how
to me measure that, right? And what
could be some of the downsiz risk to
this market if we do hear maybe even not
as doubbish or even a hawkish sort of
pow later on today?
>> Yeah. Well, well, Powell's been, you
know, relatively hawkish and clinging on
to the idea that inflation is not uh
complete, we're not completely in the
clear as far as inflation is concerned
and the pass through from the tariffs
just yet. We do have so the expectation
is for a cut of 25 basis points uh
today. No more no less. There may be
some descents in either direction
according to Bloomberg economics
particularly from Myan. Um but but that
seems to be pretty much part of the
course. People will look at the dots.
Are we going to see one more cut or even
two more cuts uh signaled uh by the Fed
policy makers for the rest of this year
and then how much for the rest of next
year as well? Market is pricing a total
of six cuts through the end of next
year. So in order for uh it not to be
too disappointed, the Fed is going to
have to get kind of close to that in the
dot plot indications. Uh we have seen
you know some ramp up in the options
market on people even expecting a 50
basis point cut at some point between
now and December. So 100 basis points of
cuts through there. They're a bit it
strikes me as lottery ticket trades or
or hedges just in case the Fed goes even
harder than we expect. Uh on the other
hand, like you said, um there there's
resistance. I think if you listen to
what the Fed policy makers have been
saying, you know, the likes of Schmidt
in particular have been not exactly uh
leaning into the idea that they need to
have a whole series of cuts. So it is
possible that we'll have quite a split
view of opinions and Pal's going to have
to tread very carefully to try to thread
that needle in the press conference.
>> All right, Paul, thank you. Paul Doson
there joining us out of Singapore uh on
what to expect on the Fed here today. Uh
meanwhile, we've been talking to our
sources and the like about this whole
Tik Tok deal. Right. So, Bloomer's been
told that the US operations of the
company are set to be acquired by a
consortium including the likes of
Oracle, Andreas Horus, Horowits, and
Silver Lake. Let's bring in Annabel
Jewelers. Uh she's been kind of looking
at what we've learned so far. What more
do we know at this point?
>> Well, I think a lot of the contours of
the deal that are being reported are
sort of what was reported early this
year. in the deal shape we were
expecting it to take before it was
derailed by uh tariff announcements. But
as you said, there's going to be that
consortium. You've got three different
possible uh people or groups taking
stakes here. Oracle, Andre and Horowits
and and also Silverlake. The important
thing though is how much of a stake is
Bite Dance going to have in the
business. And that's what's really key
in terms of our reporting and what we're
hearing from sources. And that's
expected to fall down to 20% or less.
And so that could be the threshold then
that is enough to to get it over the
line with lawmakers. A big question
though of course is is is this going to
be enough to satisfy Beijing as well?
>> Yeah. Because questions then arise in
terms of the algorithm what happens with
that and of course we also understand in
terms of the time runway of this they've
been they've pushed it back a few more
weeks to December 16 I believe for that
to be able to be to have some more
runway there. given that there seems to
be enough progress from both sides and
we had that in the talks in Madrid that
it seems like I mean it's been enough
for instance to open the door to to the
call this week between President Xi and
Trump. So that tells you it's it's it's
moving in the right direction but it
needs more time and that's why you've
got that deadline until December. It's
the fourth time we've seen some sort of
extension being being approved. But
yeah, going back to that algorithm, it's
it's really been the key question and
the key sort of sticking point. What we
understand is that what China was saying
after the talks in Madrid was that they
would be looking maybe to license the
algorithm to the American operations. So
you still keep it in China hands, but
you're licensing that technology
instead. That could be enough to appease
uh China and and get their sign off as
well.
>> Bill, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Annabel Jewelers, a tech uh
correspondent on the latest on Tik Tok
and what we know so far. Okay. Uh just
ahead here in shows, we're speaking with
the head of the European Chamber of
Commerce in China. So they're coming
out. They've come out in fact with a new
position paper outlining these
longerterm structural reforms that they
see and they hope will be considered as
we look ahead to the 15th 155-year plan.
Yensland joins us in a couple of
minutes. Counting down to the open of
trade in Shanghai in Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong and of course also in 3
minutes and 20 odd seconds or so the rem
midpoint of the day very much in focus
following the breakdown of the dollar on
the downside. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
All right, let's talk about policy. Why
not? Right. With China expected to
announce its new 5-year plan in the next
few months, outlining its social and
economic development goals for the next
half of the decade. Now, the European
Union Chamber of Commerce in China is
calling on Beijing for reforms to
address structural issues, allow market
forces to shape resource allocation,
create equitable trade relationships,
and increase access to green energy.
What does this all mean? Well, joining
us now is the Chamers's President, Yens
Escalan. Now, joining us, Yens, it's
always great to have you. it it's a
lengthy position paper and certainly one
that it you need some time to really
digest, but walk us through kind of what
European businesses are hoping for this
time around.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me. Uh I think
that as as you mentioned there there are
numerous areas that we want to focus on.
Looking back, we think that China in its
own optics have been quite successful uh
in sort of boosting self-reliance, it
focus on manufacturing and climbing the
value ladder. But it's also clear that
this heavy focus on in industrial policy
on supporting manufacturing has led to
both over capacity we have this term in
China involution we have seen massive
waste in several industries whether it's
uh automotive electrical vehicles solar
panels wind turbines electrolyers and
and so on and then of course we have
also seen how these imbalances that are
growing in trade are creating friction
with trade partners and of course most
notably
with the United States. So you we think
the time has come now and to recognize
that something have been working pretty
well, but also that it's time now to to
to change track. You need to begin to
address some of these outcomes uh that
no longer produce uh positive outcomes
for China, for businesses in China and
frankly for the rest of the world. And
that is what we are trying to do in a
constructive way trying to put forward
ideas to what really needs to happen in
order to address over capacity
involution waste and also trade tension.
So, so Yens, what's the, you know, we
were uh, you know, talking about this
during the break, a bit of banter, of
course, it's 300 pages, and it's meant
to really get the attention of people
who are actually drafting this 15th
5-year plan, which to your point, right,
has consequences beyond the 5-year plan
itself. You know, there are things that,
you know, side effects, for example. So
what would be the most urgent structural
ask based on how the 14th 5-year plan
worked out and what do you think should
be in the next draft version of that?
>> Yeah, we think it's pretty urgently
needed that you begin to look for
different drivers of growth. We have
seen this massive reallocation of
capital from real estate and into
manufacturing
which frankly in many industries there's
no need for anymore. So we need to look
for other sources. We think that
services for example is an area we can
see that services as a proportion of the
economy uh is much smaller in China than
it is in compar comparable countries. We
have also seen both at the national
people's congress and and later on that
there's a lot of focus on the demand
side right how do you sort of create
consumption growth but our point is that
consumption growth is simply not enough
you need to look at the supply side also
and what we have seen and what we think
is uh one of the root causes of these
three consecutive years of producer
price deflation is that simply you have
had a supply growth a manufacturing
output growth that consistently is
higher than the growth that you have in
demand. Actually, there is demand growth
in China. We see consumption growing
actually at a healthy clip. I think
retail growth was 4.6%
um for the first uh half. The problem is
output supply is growing even faster and
as long as supply continues to grow
faster than demand then we're not going
to get out of um of this deflationary uh
uh cycle. So something needs to happen
and one area is both you know address uh
sort of the low level of services in the
economy and maybe also reduce the need
that Chinese family feels to sort of
have precautionary savings at the levels
uh that they have today because the
money is there people are just not
spending.
>> Yeah.
>> Um where does trade kind of and tariffs
fall into that?
Obviously, there's been pressure from
President Trump to urge Europe to what
slap 100% tariffs on China. You know,
what would be the equitable trade trade
relationship then?
>> Yeah, you know, I think it's a very good
question. I mean, I joined the show two
years ago and we talked at that time
that trade was as you know, slow motion
traffic accident. I think the traffic
accident is here right now at least when
you look across at at the Pacific. You
know, if we go back right before the
14th 5-year plan, China accounted for
31.9% of all containers exported in the
world. 31.9%. It's already a very very
high proportion. The latest data that I
have indicated that China accounted for
37% of all containers exported in the
world. I think at some point gravity
sits set sits in and you know countries
around the world will begin to ask
themselves you know how much more can we
actually absorb and we think it's very
important that China begin to realize
that there are these concerns around
around the world and begin to sort of
engage in discussion with trade partners
now we are not sort of in in Europe a
sort of trade balance fundamentalists it
doesn't need to be euroto trade I mean
we don't need to do gardening furniture
and uh and and you know apparel and
solar panels and and and all that. But
there is a point where sort of these
imbalances begin to affect economic
security and the industrial base and
that's you know a concern China has had
for many many years and I think China
will understand if Europe and other
partners begin to have some of these
same concerns. It's a matter of these
countries and Europe being master of its
own destiny. And it simply cannot be
master of its own destiny if it's losing
some of these very very important
structurally important uh uh industries
that allow us to make our own decisions.
I mean I mean to your point yes it can't
we don't live in a vacuum right so what
happens anywhere happen you know we feel
it's somewhere else and I think recently
we've heard and you know overnight we
had you know officials outline uh
measures to boost services consumption
for example so there are there are
reforms and measures being put in place
to address the demand side of the
equation which might go into addressing
some of the global issues I so my
question for you now is anti-involution
you talked about that. Uh what are your
members what are your members expecting
to come of of of of that exercise and in
which sectors specifically are you
starting to see if any profit margins
start to improve?
>> Yeah, what we see actually is that that
that overall uh we don't really see a
great margin uh improvement as a general
observation. What we are seeing also on
basis of some of these sort of demand
supporting measures is that a number of
our members have been able to grow their
their top line. So at least I mean that
has sort of been arrested and you know
we did our business confidence survey in
May and already there it was reflected
that when sort of we look at the
near-term the coming two years that in
general our our members are more
positive in regards to growing their
their top line than their bottom line.
One of sort of the coping mechanisms
that we see is that a lot of European
companies that came to China to be in
China for China are beginning uh to
export some some of that production
because right now in many many cases
many industries the margins that you
find are are better outside China than
inside China. Again our members told us
70% of them now that their margins are
equal to or higher outside China than
inside
China. So again, you know, exporting
whether it's machinery or or chemicals,
uh uh spare parts, uh you name it, uh
export is is a way that you can you can
cope. That of course just adds to trade
tension. And that's again where we need
sort of Chinese demand to pick up and
and China begin to look at what it can
do also uh to create more balance.
>> Yens, thank you so much for taking the
time, sir. uh Yen's uh Escalanda,
president at the European Union Chamber
of Commerce uh in China. Just under
seven minutes away to the opening bell
and we're looking at these names on your
screens and you understand with the
price action why we're looking at these
names. We'll tell you why on the other
side of this break. We're up half of 1%
with the hang index. The Wednesday
session 6 minutes and 40 seconds away.
[Music]
markets rallied. Same dynamic. Sell
sides catching up. Goldman Sachs out
raising their price targets on Alibaba
where it is now from that current price.
It's caught up to that to now 174. Uh
this is of course on the back of just
many many things including of course the
Q1 and Q1X and latest AI models plus of
course just the under the rethinking of
the cloud business and how much that's
really worth at this point in time.
>> Yep. Uh something that might still be
underappreciated that might be the same
for BU according to Are Sea Yang and his
team. They upgraded the stock to buy
from a sell and they said basically this
new in-house chip venture has the
potential to more than offset the
struggling online advertising business
which still remains of course uh one of
their core businesses as well. So
talking about this Quinnland chip uh
where you know AI chips still remain
quite under supplied in China. So they
already secured some purchases from the
likes of China mobile. So maybe some
more upside from there.
>> Yeah. So the the buy and buy do has
become BYE to BU Y when you look at how
the stock price has really come back
from one that has really not given you
any sort of performance going into the
open today. And you know what it looks
like the open in greater China might do
a lot in terms of lifting the overall
benchmark. We're up half of 1% going
into the Wednesday session. The opening
bell is coming up next.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're looking at just a very long
list of sectors today. So from services
given the measures that were announced
yesterday and of course they'll be
unpacked even further at the briefing
this afternoon. We'll talk more about
that out of Beijing in a moment. There's
property on the back of this Taiishin
report. Um a lot of changes in terms of
analyst ratings on in terms of the tech
space MS coming out with with one on
this humanoid robot stock rally that's
on the Tesla Optima story. On top of
that, there's several other reports out
of the FT on chips and advanced making
tools among and I barely scratched the
surface here, Ivon, on many many parts
of this market.
>> There's a lot of AI related news. I
think AI and
>> that's a good way to put it.
>> Um, and as we get approach this this Fed
sort of decision and people are saying,
you know, the the the thing to watch is
just to be bearish on the dollar and
these the breakouts that we're seeing
across FX does show that maybe that adds
a bit more of a reason to maybe buy up
this AI trade. Uh maybe until J. PAL
speaks, right? You take a look at what
it comes to, as you mentioned, the SMIC
one, uh, which we'll flesh out in just a
bit, right? But when it comes to what
we're seeing right now in onore markets,
we're still seeing a little bit of
pullback here, a bit of a pause here,
but certainly, uh, the fact that we did
see southbound flows also snapping out
of 12 days of net buying does suggest
maybe sentiment is, you know, maybe
stabilizing a little bit here. But we're
watching very closely those chip stocks
like Capricorn, we're we're down about
2% here right now. CL, the meanwhile,
that still continues to be an up arrow
story here today. Um but certainly
there's also things to watch
particularly when it comes uh to of
course that that remmen B right so given
the the drop that we saw in the dollar
overnight we're talking already about a
710 handle uh for the offshore rate so
maybe that means continued upside for
equities right we talk about this
virtuous cycle uh between a stronger rem
which seems like policy makers are are
leaning more towards and the inflows
into this equity market let's up the
boards now uh we talk about the turnover
that we saw topping some two trillion
run for the fourth day as well there you
go so when we're talking about with the
tech space, that's where all the action
is right now, right? And and once again,
maybe giving Hong Kong a little bit more
of a catch-up from the Asshare market
because you take a look at what we're
seeing when it comes to Alibaba. We're
up two and a half% um possibly in the
back of that Goldman upgrade talking
about AI cloud is where it's at right
now. Bu as well, look at that 9% upside
uh after what we heard from like Arette
Sha Yang. They basically went from a
sell upgraded straight to a buy. So up
two notches there when it comes to
recommendations. saying that look what
we're seeing in this in-house chip that
they they seemingly reportedly are are
developing might offset what we're
seeing in the core business which
remains in the ad business that
continues to struggle right and that has
really been what's weighing on this
stock in particular not to mention also
when it comes to BYU has seemed to be as
a lagard in the whole AI race as well so
maybe this in-house chip uh narrows that
gap a little bit as well Maywan's doing
still okay we're up 1.6% 6% here this
morning and we're talking about the
dollar remb we're at 710 levels right
now the property space and hang that's
the key one to watch here we are seeing
a bit of red in some of these developer
names here we're looking at this Hong
Kong policy address from John Leela
later on everything from maybe property
measures a so-called property connect
maybe lure more crossber sort of uh
buying of of property that certainly is
one key thing to watch things to to
maybe create a whole AI tech hub here as
as are some signs of what people are
anticipating at least uh from that
policy address as well. So certainly
that's one to watch uh chipmakers. So
once again we talk about SMIC. So
according to the FT uh they are triing
advanced tools for AI chip making here.
So uh this is what we're hearing in
terms of deep ultraviolet lithography
machines. Uh that's what they're talking
about there. SMIC. There you go. We're
up some 1% here right now. um mixed
picture across some of them but mostly
higher like Huah Hong Semi here to say
and we talk about of course consumption
uh stimulus right in the services sector
right so what we heard a little bit in
this sort of announcement was there's no
funding there's no additional sort of
subsidies per se uh but really it's more
about building the infrastructure or at
least helping in terms of the budgets
for infrastructure uh for the likes of
sporting for the likes of entertainment
as well and maybe helping some of these
banks uh in terms of loaning to some of
these companies. So you are seeing a
little bit of upside for the likes of
Antleaning
CTGs, China Tourism Group today, Dave.
>> Yeah. Extending the operating hours of
museums and some tourist sites and
perhaps also hosting some sporting
events uh which is really something that
was flagged already as some key sectors
to to help bolster and we'll have more
on that in a moment. But just before
that too, just to go back to the the BU
story, can we get that up please if we
can? Thank you. So I'm now looking at
volumes
first barely five minutes into the cash
market session. We're now we've now
topped six and a half million shares
traded. We're now up was up as much as
10%. We're now the highest since let's
call it two years now in shares of buy.
Do you get this? We're up over 60 65%.
I'll be generous here from the bottom
that we hit uh late uh last year I
believe is is the bottom was the most
recent bottom on that. Okay, let's
actually correct myself. The bottom was
in April of this year, similar to the
one we had in January and in November of
last year. Okay. On the services front,
so 3 PM today, mark your set your alarm
right now. That's the briefing. That's
the time the briefing will be starting
of course uh on this uh these measures
to boost consumption. Um wide ranging
measures to aid of course services
specifically. Uh let's bring in John Leo
out of Beijing, our senior executive
editor to help us understand what was
announced and really the context of all
this. John, good morning and thanks for
coming on the show. Yeah, take us
through the key the key measures there.
>> Uh the way I describe these measures is
uh you know you have a supply side of
services and you have the demand side of
services and what we got were measures
to help the supply side, right? uh bank
lending to companies providing uh
services uh helping uh helping various
uh companies to uh expand their
services. You you were talking about uh
expand uh extending the time that
museums are open, things of that nature.
What we did not get, we didn't get any
additional uh subsidies. We didn't get
more fiscal spending to uh to fuel the
consumption of these services. And I
think that is what everybody's waiting
for. Uh as you mentioned, we have this
press conference this afternoon. I I
would say there's obviously a lot of
excitement. There's uh a lot of
anticipation for what new stimulus
measures Beijing may announce. I would
strike a note of caution about this 3M
briefing this afternoon. Uh the most
senior official that we understand will
be at the briefing is a deputy commerce
minister. Uh you'll remember David
Yavvon that uh that big press conference
that we had uh at the end of September
last year that was headlined by the
central bank governor the head of the
CSRC so much more senior uh bureaucrats
and official themom and that I would
also note that press conference was at 9
in the morning so ahead of the market
open this this press conference today
will be happening after markets have
closed.
Yeah, the timing is interesting. Uh, for
one thing, John, that's a good point.
>> Can you tell us a bit more why why no
subsidies this time around? I mean, we
we certainly saw that in the, you know,
in the trade-in programs and and really
when it comes to goods purchases, but
why do you think they're hesitant to
really unleash these subsidies in the
services sector?
Uh so to be able to uh
push out new subsidies to to do things
on the demand side, it's a lot more
complicated because then you have uh
various ministries. You also have to
figure out uh where the money is going
to come from. And so that that needs the
finance ministry to be a part of that
process. It also needs uh support at the
local level. So you have all of these
provinces across China, each of which
are in vastly different situations. You
have places like Guandong and Shanghai
and uh Jang that are relatively wealthy
while you have other places like Gu
Yunan that are relatively strapped when
it comes to financial resources. And so
it gets to be really complicated when
you want to announce something
nationwide in terms of uh subsidies uh
vouchers that sort of thing.
John, just a quick note on on property
and we understand regulators have lifted
these curbs on foreign firms investing
into into the real estate market. What
do we know about that and how big of a
deal is it at this point?
>> So the state administration of foreign
exchange uh made this announcement late
on Monday. Uh and there there was a ban
put in place many years ago when when
the property market in China was very
hot that that banned uh foreign exchange
income through the capital account being
used to buy nonres non uh properties
that were not meant to be lived in. And
so uh they've removed that ban.
Obviously the property market is in a
much different uh condition at the
moment. There's also some uh you know
there's some details here that are not
very clear. Uh the ban was foreign
exchange income under the capital c. It
it's not clear whether this means people
can bring in uh foreign exchange
specifically for the purpose of buying
properties. And so there's a bit more
nuance there that's not clear at the
moment. But I think overall the the
message is clear which is the central
government is trying to find ways to
help create demand for properties.
John, thank you. John Le joining us out
of Beijing there. Um, as we've been
talking about when it comes to the
consumption space and certainly when it
comes to these food delivery wars, it's
a great piece on the terminal that
really talks about the cost of really
engaging in this battle because when you
take a look at the earnings reports from
either the second quarter or the first
half, you're starting to see when it
comes to the tradeoff that a lot of
these restaurants have, right? on the
one side they have to do and and fulfill
all all these online orders. But then
again, what gets suffered? Well, the
dine in sort of experience, right? And
it really does impact foot traffic,
right? So, you focus on some of these
din restaurants, dining focused
restaurants like Heidi Lao, for example,
right? You got to almost kind of have
hot bot in a restaurant, right? Um look
at how same store sales have fared for
the first half, right? It's actually
been singledigit to even double digit
declines when it comes to those stale uh
same source sales growth here as well.
If you look at things like table
turnover rates for example, that's a key
measure of foot traffic as well that
also either dropped or remained flat. So
it's like you know they're spending so
much time on fulfilling these orders.
People kind of using their subsidies
using all these incentives to you know
to order on these these apps. But then
again, the restaurant side of things
does suffer, right? You take a look at
like Lucken for example, which has been
actually benefiting. You know, the first
half they posted double digit sales
growth thanks to these online orders.
But when you take a look at what the
earnings suggested when it cames to
delivery costs that surge by 175%,
right? And it makes up I think I think a
fifth of their total revenue here right
now, which has been a substantial rise
from just a year ago. So certainly
they're putting a lot of money into
actually continuing on these food
delivery sort of wars, right? But you
know what happens if you don't take part
in it at all. Well, case in point, look
at Chagi. This is of course the
Starbucks. They want to be the the
Starbucks of tea, right? Listed in the
US just recently. But what they did was
they said, "We're not taking part in
these food wars. We have a premium
product, right? But what happened to the
stock?" So you take a look at that. I
mean basically once they announced those
second quarter earnings where we
actually saw where same source their
their their profitability actually take
a hit from not taking part right we saw
second quarter sales go slow to 10% the
stock basically decline about 25%. So it
almost shows Dave that there is no
choice but to actually take part but in
what degree? Yeah, the lesser evil is
dig into that cash pile that investors
have thrown your way. Yeah.
>> Protect your market share otherwise that
happens to your stock price there.
Right. A fantastic piece that is has
been outlined for us here by our team.
In fact, for our subscribers, you can
get more details on the story and all
the all the moving parts and all the
graphics and really interesting data
points, right? empty tables,
>> lower margins, and what you really give
up in terms of actual real estate in
your physical store in favor of what
thinner margins. It's, you know, it's
almost a choice between lesser evils
here
>> and it's forced them to kind of evolve,
right? I think Heidi is like, you know,
I got to do more, you know, single solo
sort of packages when you're ordering
online, right? You can have like
kitchens delivered to your to your
house.
>> Yeah. in some ways just to offset what
you're seeing is less foot traffic.
>> I never got the point though of having
hot pot delivered. Isn't that the same
as going to the
>> grocery during co though? I appreciate
it during co right when you just you
miss some things everything
>> they bring everything. Yeah.
>> I thought they just brought like raw
materials from the grocery and just go
>> cook it yourself.
>> Cook it yourself, which is kind of the
the same thing. Anyway, I'm a Heidi. I'm
a big fan of Heidi Love. You can see me
there actually quite regularly. Everyone
knows this. Okay. Um, equity markets.
All right. We got uh slightly off track
there. Not off track are equity markets.
In fact, we've fully reversed four years
of losses now on the Asia Pacific
measurement. In case you missed the news
this week, we hit a fresh record on the
MSE Asia Pacific. Now, here's the issue,
though. Some of the big funds with this
exuberance that's now in place actually
are now looking at some of the risks,
right? this record-breaking rally in the
equity markets is actually set to come
under pressure because of what's
happening across you know the tariff
front for example and you look at the
risks out there in fact let's bring in
Yukung Lee our socks reporter to help us
understand the connection between the
record rally yukyouong the tariff front
and what the earnings risk that isn't
quite visible I should note right now
put that all together for us
>> yeah sure so um uh with my colleague
uh we uh asked the major funds in Asia
including BMP, Aberdine and Franklin
Templeton um what are the risks that
markets might be underestimating and
they said the turbs potential impact on
earnings are actually the ones that the
market um is ignoring right now and
you've seen that yesterday we saw this
MSEI Asia-Pacific index uh closing at a
record high and the index has been
rising more than 30% from its April low
so it might lead to investor believe
that the risks from tariffs are gone but
actually it isn't and if you look at the
earnings consensus in the Msei emerging
market index they've been going down
only about 3% so far uh from the earlier
this year so earnings consensus don't
really reflect uh what potential tariffs
impact could be and there are several
reasons for this one is that um how much
earnings uh will get hurt by the actual
tariffs impact is actually really a
complex math that some companies might
try to uh put it on the supply chain,
maybe like pass it through the cons uh
to the prices so so that maybe it could
be reflected to the uh inflation. Um but
but it's just really too complicated to
uh to reflect on their earnings
estimates. So the so the street
consensus right at the moment pretty
much don't reflect any potential risk
that tariffs could have in in the
earnings corporate earnings in Asia in
coming months which could only become
visible um after several quarters. So
like we are expecting um companies to
actually issue some guidance maybe early
next year and until then um the earnings
uh consensus will not reflect that which
means that they have more downside risk
um uh as the tariffs become more
materialized.
>> Okay. So obviously I guess you you're
focusing on these export oriented sort
of companies. Which markets and sectors
do you think are most vulnerable then
when those tariffs start to bite?
Yeah, sure. So, um we uh so last year
Asia altogether uh exported more than1
trillion dollars of goods to the United
States and and majority of that comes
from China uh markets like Taiwan and
South Korea. And if you also look at the
semiconductor uh tech hardware
constitute a large part of the Asia's
imports to the United States, then if
you think about Asia, it's the center of
the global supply chain for the
semiconductor. So uh so a lot of the
funds that we spoke to pointed out that
South Korea and Taiwan are uh the the
center of the global semiconductor
supply chain are the ones that could be
most vulnerable to the potential
tariffs. We also have President Donald
Trump um saying earlier in September
that he will announce the exact uh rates
for the uh for the semiconductor uh
tariffs rate for the semiconductors
which could go as much as like 100%
unless these companies bring the
manufacturing back to the United States.
So we will um I think there's still the
headline risk on this uh headline
tariffs risk of to these semiconductor
companies in addition to the how uh how
the investors analyst going to um uh
reflect that to their earnings.
>> Y thank you joining us from sold there.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Okay, welcome back. Uh, looking at
Chinese markets right now. Everything
from onore markets to MSEI Hong Kong. Of
course, this a big policy address today,
but today the story is really a lot
about tech. I mean, check that out. 2.2%
to the upside. But yes, let's take it
back to Hong Kong because we could
potentially get a catalyst today here.
>> Yeah, John Lee, the chief executive of
the city, is set to deliver his annual
policy address in just a few hours. He's
expected to focus on reviving the city's
economy, including fasttracking a
crossber tech hub with mainland China.
Let's bring in our chief Noria
correspondent, Stephen Engel. He joins
us now from Hong Kong's Legislative
Council headquarters. Steve, we're
expecting a pretty long speech from the
chief executive, but it seems like it's
going to be a very kind of multiaceted
approach
>> to really helping the likes of property,
for example, and maybe even this the
financial markets.
>> Yeah. So, it's sort of well, it's
multiffold, but the two areas that I
want to concentrate on are the
diversification. Obviously, here's the
South China Morning Post with the
headline, Lee's blueprint aims to
fasttrack new industries. Of course,
Hong Kong has uh you know built its
reputation and its strength on the
property sector as well as of course uh
the financial sector. They want to
diversify and that goes part and parcel
uh to the northern metropolis that
they're proposing up on the border with
Shenzhen to get policy and uh the
economy more in line with the mainland.
That's not a derogatory statement. That
is the reality of Hong Kong's situation
right now. policy is being more uh
directed uh to be in line with the
growth engines across the border. But
again, there are growth engines, but
then there's also lagards and the
property sector clearly has been
laggered in the mainland, but also here
in Hong Kong. Uh residential property
down for four consecutive years. In
fact, there was a uh property
uh association is recommending that John
Lee and the government here come up with
a fund to help distressed properties uh
to the tune of $2.6 billion, 20 billion
Hong Kong dollars. I don't know if John
Lee is going to go that far today. Uh
because seriously, the issues here are
multiffold. The commercial property
sector has been in the doldrums.
property uh developers as well as
investors have seen non-performing loans
go up, distressed assets. So, there will
be some sort of measures to help put a
floor perhaps on the property market,
including increasing the cap on
students, uh non-resident students to
come into Hong Kong. It's gone gradually
from 20% to 40%, it could go up to 50%.
You say, "Why does that help property?"
Well, families and people come in, more
undergraduates, more people into Hong
Kong. And they could also broaden uh the
so-called property connect uh to get
more mainland investors to invest.
Already 30% of the residential
properties here in Hong Kong are
purchased by mainlanders that could go
up under any kind of new schemes.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Angel, our
chief or Asia correspondent with a
preview of what's to come. Of course,
he's right outside Leico there uh in the
city. Just ahead here on shows in fact
just on one of the points Steve was just
pointing out there implications on the
property sector residential commercial
industrial and everything in between.
Kathy Lee joins us at those times on the
screen. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Okay, we're about 25
minutes into the session here. Robotic
stocks in focus. Ms. Morgan Stanley out
with a note. Let me just uh complete
that. Um on the up really on the back of
this
well the plot line revolves around
Tesla's Optimus Gen uh Gen 3. It's not
surprising of course this really was a
trade that was just waiting for more
analysts to get behind. We are getting
that not just here right we're also
getting that just about in many parts of
the AI trade today here.
>> Yeah. According to Morgan Stanley, the
catalysts are still coming. That's what
they say, right? So, it's not just the
Tesla news. Obviously, the Unitary IPO
progress. Uh that certainly is one thing
that they're flagging as why there's
they're seeing more room for some of
these stocks to go higher. But yeah, um
certainly there's a lot more new order
announcements ahead, they say, in this
space here. There you go. Hang Sang
standing out in a good way across these
markets here today ahead of the Fed.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the Hang Sang just a half hour
into session and yeah, looking pretty
good here right now. We're seeing gains
of 1% on eight shares uh over 3/4 of a
percent to the upside on Hang Sang and
really kind of bucking what we're seeing
across the region where you are seeing a
pullback in markets like Japan like the
Kasi which is down some more than 1%
here right now ahead of the Fed. So what
stands out I think tech once again in
China.
>> Yeah. Non-Fed related that's the
component that's the one that's driving
here today. AI story BU is the one
that's really leading these gains today.
uh on the back of that was it reted
a few places. They went from sell
directly to buy
>> directly to buy
>> on this one. Right. So Sean Yang, if
you're not busy, if you're listening
here,
>> come on the show, please.
>> Pick pick up the phone, sir.
>> Yeah.
>> Someone might be trying to call you.
>> Alibaba, this was uh Goldman actually
also coming out and upgrading the price
target on the stock here to one higher
170, let's call it that, on the Hong
Kong and also the ADRs. by you of course
uh up 11% we're now looking at how much
volume's coming through my producers are
about to help me out with it with the
number in fact I'm looking at my screens
we're now approaching 14 million
>> in the first 30 minutes of trade which
is thank you so much there we go 13 in
about 28 minutes or so uh NEO is
actually also a call coming out of UBS
here
>> yeah it's an interesting one too because
uh the ADR's gained some 8% on the back
of what this UBS analyst has says so
they're saying consumer confidence
idence is looking a bit better. So
restored they say this recent billion
dollar share sale that strengthen his
balance sheet. Uh also when it comes to
narrowing that gap uh when it comes to
that valuation discount with Xpong, they
said that could happen given these
improvements. So that's why we're seeing
the stock up some 8% right now.
>> In case you missed it, not to be a
bummer here, the there's that small
story in Xpong. I think one of its
flying cars caught fire.
>> Um I think it was yesterday. Anyway,
I'll clarify myself and I'll look at
more details on that in a moment. Okay,
the other big story is on the Well, I
think there's a Fed conversation, right?
Yes, they're they're coming up. Almost
forgot about that because China's giving
us a lot more to talk about beyond, of
course, Powell and and friends. Here you
go. The dollar index broke through the
low in July
and we're now trading at so 118 handle
takes you back to 2022. Um, euro implied
are up ever so slightly. That's more
than half. That's of course overnight.
So that reflects of course potential
girrations in the dollar. Similar move
that we're getting in dollar yen. Um and
of course as you can see now we're
priced almost to 70 basis points by the
end of this year. That takes you into I
think one and a half cuts. No 150 basis
points of easing going into I think the
bottom of where the market's pricing by
the early of 2027.
>> Yeah. I I love the Wall Street Journal
has a great kind of preview piece on
this. Um they're basically saying it
it's going to be one of the strangest
Fed meetings in years. Uh not now I mean
the cut's going to be pretty
straightforward. I think it's really
just the divisions that we're seeing
within the Fed right now when you have
Lisa Cook that's going to be there. Uh
you have the likes of Steven Myin that
are going to be there as well. They they
really talk about the weirdness right of
because for one thing Jay Pal doesn't
even know what's going to happen to him
after he his term is up as well. Who's
going to succeed him? So yeah it's going
to be a weird one. Well, it sounds like
a reality show that I would love to be
there.
>> I think John authors wrote a whole
column of it to be a fly in the wall in
this vet meeting.
>> Yeah. To really help us understand. It's
almost as if it's not about the rate cut
itself. I want to understand what the
almost a singles inferno sort of un
pieces is there as far as the the
tension that builds up in the room. As
far as that's concerned, the tension's
really been building on a lot of these
charts. We've been ranged around on many
uh in the G10 FX space up until 48 hours
back and we've seen seen new highs on
many of the currencies Aussie you have
the euro you have yen to the down 146
and of course dollar index we just
talked about that David Finity is with
us right now our FX and rate strategist
to help us understand David this break
below this key level on the dollar does
that open up further downside here on
the green back
>> uh certainly traders are betting for it
it was quite interesting yesterday
normally don't see a lot of activity
ahead of Fed decision. People wait to
see what happens. But certainly in
Europe yesterday, a lot of hedge funds
were very happy to buy dollar put
options which basically options that the
dollar will weaken against a variety of
currencies including the euro, yen,
Aussie dollar, all three very popular.
So those teners were basically one to
three months. So basically into year end
shall we say the market is expecting or
looking for the or betting on however
you want to put it on the dollar
weakening further. Obviously what
happens today later today where the Fed
decision will have a key impact they'll
be looking at obviously not the rate cut
not only the rate cut but that Fed dot
plot how many rate cuts do they signal
for the rest of this year and also they
start looking at next year as well you
know how many do they start indicating
next year I say indicating because these
dot plots can shift quite a lot between
every quarter so really the December one
will be very of huge interest for next
year but I think certainly this year
they'll start looking at this year and
next year's projections or estimates for
rate cuts.
>> Yeah. Talk us through the dissents.
Right. It seems like Powell is going to
probably have to deal with a lot from
from the one hand it's some of the more
ones that are loyal to Trump that might
say, "Look, the labor market is showing
real cracks." And then the other side,
you have regional presidents that might
say, "Look, I'm scared of tariff pass
through when it comes to inflation,
which still remains well above the Fed's
target."
Yeah, I think this one's going to be
very interesting. If you go back to the
most recent dot plot back in June, there
was quite a few um Fed governors of and
Fed presidents who were saying zero cuts
this year. Um so obviously you'd have to
guess they've certainly changed the
stance become a bit more doubbish. Now I
think the question is how much I mean
how much is this dot plot shifting lower
in terms of more rate cuts? And I think
this could be quite telling. We know
there's been lots of pressure from
President Trump to cut rates. We know uh
Steven Moran has come in so he's one on
the doubbish side. We know people like
Christopher Waller is already doubbish.
But there are some other people out
there like Mosulum um and say Bostic who
still like yeah look we may do cuts but
we're not going to be too aggressive
yet. We don't quite see the data yet to
warrant several cuts but you know those
tunes can change. So I think that dot
plot particularly the upper boundary of
you know what's the fewest amount of
rate cuts will be very interesting to
see in the market be looking at that
because said if a lot of people were
going no suddenly go zero suddenly go to
two then you go well that's quite a big
shift in three months and the question
is well two can go to three to four very
quickly as well. So the idea will be
that um the Fed's overall stance even
these ones who push back on Trump cuts
they are coming around to his way of
thinking for whatever the reason whether
it be the data whe peer pressure um
maybe a combination of both you know the
question would be the Fed has become has
it become a lot more doubbish overall
and if it has the market is very happy
to price in rate cuts if given a chance
and it will certainly duly note that if
the hawks have become a lot more
doubbish then the Fed overall has
certainly become more doubbish moving
forward.
>> David, thank you. David Finy there, our
Bloomberg FX, a rate strategist joining
us out of Singapore. Let's bring in
Julie Renell, Bloomberg opinion
columnist. She thinks the dollar will
get a lot weaker with Stephen Merin
joining the Fed. She joins us now. You
said in your column today that this is
the the decade for EM. I mean, EM has
basically been in love for the past
decade now. What what do you think is
really changing that landscape and why
Stephen Myron is going to change that?
Well, the the EM asset class is very
much tied to the dollar, right? Like if
the dollar is very strong, dollar based
investors will demand excess returns uh
to to offset their uh uh uh FX uh
losses. And then the and interestingly
enough, the dollar actually goes through
major cycles with the the the boom phase
and the bus phase going through like a
decade. The latest one was basically uh
roughly from 2010 to 2022, right? And it
seems like with Stephen Marin and then
we not knowing who will head the Fed uh
Fed like uh uh by by next year it it
does seem like Trump is having more
influence on the Fed and what they want
the the the Trumpomics people want what
they want is a much weaker dollar and it
does seem like we are setting the stage
for a decade long beer run in the dollar
which necessarily bs well for emerging
markets
>> right and is that an equity play is it a
play on the the carry for example
example I look back at high yield. I
mean the US dollar is now high yield if
you think about it but yes what does it
mean for em high yield? Uh yes that
there's definitely equity play right
like what we have seen in the the Hong
Kong stock market right like uh the the
Chinese tech names are playing major
catchup because first of all the dollar
uh headwing is gone right and the
geopolitical headwing is kind of gone as
well and also like uh the so-called good
quality carry trade EM currencies like
the currencies from Mexico Brazil and
South Africa they have been doing pretty
well lately uh in the last three months
because of the carry
So you talk about my of course he's a
controversial controversial sort of
figure here. He is only one of seven
members on this board. So I know he's
made comments about interest rates and
and the such other than saying that you
know the president has a really good
track record of being right on monetary
policy. Will he really be able to
reshape monetary policy? you think
>> uh perhaps limited but Trump has other
chances and I think it's the market
narrative that matters right like people
are definitely paying attention to what
he he's saying like he even talked about
control the the yoke curve on the long
end that's a form of yer control and you
know like a global asset managers they
have been diversifying
like the fact that the gold is up 40%
this year says something right like gold
is a big is on track to become the
biggest uh asset reserve for central
banks, right? And also like what you see
is international diversification into
European stocks and to less extent
Chinese stocks. So, so it it's less
about how much change he can really
make. Uh more about the market narrative
>> and more about that third mandate as you
mentioned, right? Moderate low interest
rates on the long end.
>> Yeah, yield curve control on the Fed. I
thought we were done with that with with
the BOJ. Okay. I think we're just
getting started here. Shirley Ren, thank
you so much. By the way, you can catch
and read Shulie's column in in full here
on the terminal. It's also on
bloomberg.com. There it is on your
screens right there. We'll continue this
conversation around the implications
on broad asset classes and why gold just
seems to be well just seems to be
divorcing from every single theme out
there and just embracing every single
other theme out there. Yeah, a chameleon
in the form of long trade. Platy ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You look at this chart on
your screens, you don't think there's a
lot of ills in the world. We erased four
years of losses this week on MSE Asia
Pacific. And it's not just this, right?
Everything but the dollar is up this
year. And I think that's really the
conundrum right now is if when
everything is up with you buy. Let's
bring in Stephanie Lung, chief
investment officer at investment
platform Stasher to just help us guide
how we should be thinking about this
everything rally at this point.
>> Yes, indeed. I mean everything is rally.
Uh I mean even the most hated uh kind of
asset class bonds have started rallying.
>> So I think basically I mean of course
like we'll have the Fed decision quite
soon. The market is looking for 25 basis
points
>> uh and another 25 basis points into year
end. Uh but I think what the market
really is is perhaps I'm looking beyond
the the immediate Fed cut. If you look
at kind of next year, I think the market
is saying that okay, we're going to get
a replacement of Palo and uh Donald
Trump is going to get like whoever he
wants to pick and the Fed will tend to
be doish and that's a very very good
scenario for risky assets. Hence, I
think that's why um you're seeing kind
of uh this everything rally.
>> Yeah, the the bond market as you say is
also turned positive, right? I take a
look at the 2-year yield in the US has
basically fallen some 20 basis points
the last few weeks or so. We had a guest
yesterday say that that's the perfect
case to to go long duration.
>> Is there anything wrong with with that
sort of trade?
>> Well, I think I mean if you compare all
the asset classes that we can invest in
and duration is something still that we
least prefer. I think you long duration
when the economy is weak, right? when
the US economy particularly is getting
into recession, that's when duration
actually outperforms all the other kind
of options that you can have. Uh but I
think if you look at the US economy,
it's been sort of like a two-speed
thing. So I think on one hand, of
course, uh the I mean the cyclical side
has been suffering. Uh not too bad, but
I mean it's it's not been doing great.
But on the other hand, if you look at
technology, if you look at financial
services, I these have been doing very
very well. So the services side of
things is actually helping to hold up
the US economy. Uh I think there's been
a bit of weakness in the labor market.
If you look at the most recent kind of
payroll numbers uh but still I think on
on the whole unemployment is still at
4.2 4.3% which is still very very low.
So I think on average, particularly if
we go into a Fed interest rate cut
cycle, uh looking forward the next 12
months, I see very little risk of a
recession. And that's not a scenario
where you want to be overweight
duration.
>> Um so I think there are better options
out there. Uh for example, uh we've been
talking a lot about gold uh versus bonds
in the past year and a half or so. And I
mean our view is that I mean you want to
be overweight goal versus duration. And
so far that view has played out. Um and
I think going forward I think that that
trade is going to continue
>> looking at how the gold price is
behaving.
>> What kind of asset class what kind of
asset do you think it is right now? Like
what what is it telling you about how
the market's looking at the role of
gold?
>> I think that's a very good question
because if you look at gold I mean at
different periods or during different
regimes people look at gold differently.
Sometimes it's
>> there's always an excuse to buy.
>> Exactly. Sometimes it's an inflation
hedge. I mean sometimes it's US dollar
replacement. Um I think if you look at
this year so of course in the beginning
of the year till April gold rally about
30% up to kind of 35 uh on the back of
uh the fear of US dollar weakness. So if
you look at gold from that angle is sort
of like a US dollar replacement. Now
that made sense I mean today US dollar
is quite stable still uh gold managed to
break out to all-time highs uh in recent
weeks. I think that narrative has
probably shifted to okay gold is also a
replacement for uh bonds. So if you're
not getting so the I guess the trade-off
is that if you invest in bonds or if you
stay in cash you get interest rates you
get like 4% uh payout every year whereas
in gold you don't get that. So that's
another trade-off. But with the Fed uh
due to start to cut interest rates again
the attractiveness of staying in cash or
in treasuries uh become lower compared
to gold because I mean the the the the
interest rate that you're giving up is
lower and lower. So I think that creates
another kind of tailwind for gold. Of
course, I think underlying all this is
where is the demand coming from? And
we've seen very very persistent demand
coming from central banks. Uh central
banks have just been keep buying gold
for the last two years. Um I mean due to
a a variety of reasons and I don't think
these reasons have changed. Um of course
this year what's added is resell is
coming in. So we're seeing kind of more
extended positioning in terms of futures
or options. Uh that potentially creates
some more volatility. But I think over
the time the I mean the key reason for
buying gold which is basically uh uh
fiscal dominance globally I think that
hasn't changed.
>> Well does it it was always nice just to
nice have right it was always at the
fringe you know allocation to
alternatives like gold was always what 5
10%.
>> Now it's must have
>> it's must have and so I guess now is it
does it does it necessitate a higher
allocation for regular portfolios is my
point. I think for example at Sachway is
a must have for us but you'd be
surprised how many people still don't
have gold in the portfolios right a lot
of people think that um I mean gold is
for a niche investor I think that has of
course started to change I know for
example some very big family offices are
having sizable allocations to gold in
many different ways
>> well they're rich anyway but yeah
>> yeah exactly but I I think for a lot of
uh even instit institutional investors
that's not a a a require allocation Uh
but I think as you said I that's going
to change and I think that drives
further upside uh for gold in the coming
years.
>> Um China stocks continue to also rally
uh almost everything in some ways. Uh
what can I still chase in this market? I
think perhaps I mean if you think about
the globally uh what's been driving
markets is of course liquidity and uh I
mean we were slightly worried about
global markets uh kind of about a month
ago because the um uh treasury uh uh uh
general account the TGA uh has to be
refilled uh and I mean typically that
has kind of led to lower liquidity
>> and uh now actually fast forward two
months to now that's been kind of half
filled but we I mean we've seen some
consolidation in markets but I mean that
still going strong. Uh what I think is
is potentially going to happen with the
Fed cutting interest rates is that the
rotation from kind of US bit caps to
other markets will continue because
there is expectations that rate cuts
will benefit uh smaller like kind of uh
small caps for example broader parts of
the economy even emerging markets and
China being of course a very important
part of emerging markets uh will benefit
from that. Of course with China Tech
there's the added AI story. I think
we've had the deepseek moment in Jan. Uh
I think right now we're sort of having
like a Alibaba AI moment uh by them
saying that they're developing their own
AI chips and I think most notable if you
go into details is that uh what they're
saying is that the AI chips will be able
to run on CUDA which is Nvidia's uh uh
software platform. What that means is
that for companies that wants to shift
from Nvidia into Alibaba AI chips, it's
very very easy because they don't have
to rewrite the code. Whatever code
they've written for Nvidia stack
actually also works on Alibaba. That was
not true for Huawei, right? Huawei never
said that they'll build on CUDA. But I
think that's a quite an important
inflection point. Um and uh I mean
that's that's I guess that's why the
market is sort of uh uh getting excited
about the China AI story.
>> Yeah. And you know the bar seems kind of
low to impress markets anything on AI
any good news and and not to not to
dilute of course the good news out there
but isn't that a sign an early sign of
overexuberance that anything almost
impresses people these days.
>> Yeah I think I mean Sam Alman himself
said we may be in a bubble. Yeah, but he
is part of like the I guess he's part of
why that bubble exists because I mean
he's saying that uh open AAI is going to
invest 15 billion uh over the next few
years in AI infrastructure
>> and that benefits like the whole
ecosystem uh and that's just one company
open AI
>> uh if you think about like all the
companies in US and even nations like
China uh uh uh Europe US I mean that
that's adding to like significant part
of GDP and in fact if you look at this
a large part of US GDP has been driven
by tech uh AI investments. So where does
that money come from? That's a big
question. And I think as long as uh the
Fed keeps liquidity kind of loose uh and
and and I mean the the money engine
keeps working, I mean that liquidity is
going to continue to fuel a bubble. So I
think going back to our first question
of like where the Fed is going and why
the market is rallying. I think that's
kind of it's kind of going back to that
first principle of liquidity in the
system.
>> Stephanie, thank you. Stephanie Len
there. Sashway CIO joining us there
>> on this everything rally. Uh we got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're fine. Here are some stories that
we're tracking for you today. US auto
safety regulators are investigating
whether Tesla's electric door handles
are defective. It comes days after a
Bloomberg investigation on a series of
incidents in which people were injured
or died because they couldn't open doors
when Tesla's lost power, especially
after crashes. Now, regulators have
received more than 140 complaints since
2018 related to Tesla doors getting
stuck or malfunctioning. Disney,
Universal, and Warner Brothers are suing
Chinese AI startup Miniax for allegedly
pirating their intellectual property.
The complaint targets the video and
image editor Hya AI, which offers images
and videos that feature copyrighted
characters, including Spider-Man and
Darth Vader. Minia is one of China's
so-called AI Dragons, and is aiming for
a public listing as soon as this year.
Tiscrupt shares rose in Frankfurt after
it revealed a takeover offer for its
struggling steel unit from India's
Jindul Steel. The German firm says it
will carefully assess the non-binding
offer without disclosing its size. It's
the latest chapter in the company's
drawn out search for a buyer of its
steel division.
>> Right. Uh let's have a look at these
markets right now. And yeah, I mean
we're looking at a lot of things. So you
mentioned Tesla. I think we'll look at u
Xpong a bit later on. Of course, I
mentioned this at the top that one of
its flying cars actually caught fire at
a rehearsal for an air show at China.
The stock's not reacting so much as far
as that's concerned. Speaking of what is
moving, and of course, this is really on
the back of this plan, and we'll get
more details on this later on. Is this
plan to boost consumption, the measures
there, travel services, we're looking at
that. Change the page, please. Minerals,
miners in Oz, and also in China. This is
uh really on the Oh, no, we'll get to
that later. SMIC, this FT reports. Uh,
can we change it back please? Uh, if we
can. SMIC.
Uh, my apologies for that. I just
brushed through the the page quite
quickly. Uh, this is going to be
interesting to see how this actually
evolves and whether or not they're able
to do this. Triing advanced tools for AI
chipmaking. So, think pithography.
That's really a big missing piece. Not
just in China, but everywhere else in
the world except maybe the Dutch. Uh,
rare earth stocks in focus. Aussie and
China. On your screens, bottom of the
screens tell you why. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going on a lunch break in just a
moment and we are seeing uh you know
slow but modestly higher when it comes
to the Nicke25 ahead of that Fed
decision. But yeah, we also have to
brace for what? Another bond auction,
right? The 20-year yield. uh you know we
always say it's going to be a tough one
but what's interesting this time Dave is
that it's the it's the first test of
demand
particularly in the long end after the
prime minister announced his resignation
right and of course some of the
successors and people that have been
talking about uh vying for the job have
been in more in favor of expansionary
fiscal policy so maybe it could be a
little bit more tougher than usual
>> to get this off here we go we say it
again we say it again I mean we work in
news right so our inclination is really
towards bad news. I'm kidding. Come on.
>> The cynics in us, man.
>> Yeah. But you know what? Interesting
because this time yesterday, we were
trying to figure out what the JGB
uh contract was actually on the
downside. And we now understand perhaps
given what we've seen there is downward
pressure on fixed income, higher on
yields because of the the politics the
politics in there, right? So, apart from
that, we're looking at chip stocks. This
really goes back again to the Morgan
Stanley note. If you like disco, we're
not talking about the dance clubs of the
80s. this is your topic as far as chip
making equip semiconductor equipment is
concerned that's Morgan Stanley's topic
and continuing to rally going into the
session today right apart from this
Asia-Pacific
um V's actually down volumes are picking
up here in Hong Kong um there well there
are three things at play one is this AI
play on BU and Alibaba and everything
that's going on there with Morgan
Stanley and the the Goldman Sachs note
respectively number two is the
consumption services briefing that's
taking place there today and of course
here in Hong Kong which is T1 typhoon
signal in case you missed that is
probably set to be hoisted later today.
We'll see. We'll see. That's weather
dependent quite literally. And of course
this this policy address in about
29 minutes from now if they start on
time.
>> Yeah, it could potentially be a major
event right uh to watch here in the city
today. And yeah, as we talk about what's
going to happen at the chamber of LEDO,
that's where our very own Stephen Engel
is right now. Uh there's a lot of
chatter about what this policy statement
is going to say. Everything about maybe
is a multiaceted approach to really help
the property sector, financial markets.
There's talk of maybe trying to at least
build this AI sort of tech hub here in
the city as well. So there's a lot to
impact really on what we could see just
given as the economy shows tentative
signs of recovery. Let's get to our next
guest here. Collier's head of research
and retail consultancy Kathy Lee. She's
been advising industry groups and
business chambers on the government's
plan for a northern metropolis
development. We'll talk about that in
just a bit.
>> First of all, what are you expecting out
of this policy address in terms of your
wish list?
>> My our wish list, I think like we would
like to see the government like have
more um uh insights or more policy
helping the industry to to grow
especially when we have the you know the
of the metropolis like uh the plan at
the moment. So we want something really
make that plan happens making it like a
move forward because of there's a lot of
loes a lot of concern in the markets
like how how we can help an industry
actually like a you know uh uh uh moving
into that like a huge land of Hong Kong.
>> What what are the sticking points? Why
why have we yet to see a lot of
momentum?
>> Um
>> I've heard that phrase a very long time.
The reason I remember it because it's
quite long too. It's six syllables,
right? Northern Metropolis. Yes. Like
what what would you like to hear because
you're part of some of those
conversations?
>> Yeah, I think there is several points.
First of all, like I think the
infrastructure the time of the
infrastructure like to getting into the
area is one of the major concerns from
the private markets. So I think the
government already like uh try to make
it like a working faster working with MT
or even introducing like you know um new
infrastructure uh construction builders
or partners into the lockdown metropolis
to help to uh uh facilitate or fasten
like uh the infrastructure development
construction in that part of Hong Kong.
And then the other uh point will be the
land price. So you know at the moment
the um interest rate still high like a
lot of the uh developers may still have
like some situation on their financial
bulks. So I think the land price how the
government is going to dispose land in
north metropolis will be one major area
to increase the interest. If the
government like you know really want to
develop like you know the IMT industry
or the education sectors in the nor of
the metropolis they have to think about
using the industry lead you know
development mode rather than the
previous like you know the highest
speeder to get the land. Now they need
to you know grant the land directly to
some industry players industry like uh
cooperation to help the industry to
build in that loft metropolis.
>> What are you hearing about property
connect? I mean this is something that
there's a lot of market chatter that you
know the government wants to ease the
flow of capital here so that you can buy
up properties here and unleashes Chinese
demand.
>> Would it work in turning around this
property market?
>> I think it's slightly different from the
stock market because of what market the
stock connects like it's kind of like an
enclosed system
>> closed loop. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Close loop you can control the
capital info and outflow like within
like a governance system. But if you're
doing in the uh property setters so how
about the rental you know income
generated like from those purchased
property investment properties and how
about like the the uh the vendors sell
the land sell the properties so when how
they control the capital actually going
back to mainland and then like I think
that's way be one major concerns from
the mainland governments so that maybe
are need to be difficult to actually
implement
>> not not for now
>> not for now they need to more time to
investigate to explore for you know what
will be a workable situation or workable
system to control the capital info and
outflow.
>> Okay. So you've outlined some of the
wish you know part of your wish list
which is you know give us something more
northern metropolis maybe not this one
on on the property connect. What do you
think is realistic to expect from
today's speech?
>> I think like if we really want to
attract more mainland interest or
capitals into the property markets to be
less the cap for the capital investment
entry scheme may be like one way to
help. Previously like the government
already like increase the cap to $10
million. Now there are maybe some
insiders say that there may be possible
realization to $30 million. So so that
will help not just the residential
luxury residential market will be in
other commercial properties like the you
know retail shops or strata title office
that will yeah arise in other you know
levels of investment interest into the
property market of Hong Kong. How big of
a force are are mainland Chinese buyers
now in the property market here in Hong
Kong?
>> Actually, we do see quite a lot like
some of the major deals, I think the top
10 deals we record like in the past
months, at least two to three to five of
them are coming from the mainline
capital. So like the um uh previous the
founder of MTO, he invests in two
onboard like semi-retail properties in
Hong Kong. And also that we have seen a
lots of like interest and inquiries in
in the luxury residential market as
well. So we see this like a mainland
capital returning back into Hong Kong.
>> Is that a bit of a risk like a
concentration of relying too much on on
Chinese y
>> consumers to to save this property
market in some ways
>> but we've tried all certain tools right
y
>> stamp duties have eliminated
>> and yet that hasn't been enough to
really turn around this market. I think
like we are not just focusing on the
mainland because for the capital entry
investment entry schemes is open like uh
to the the rest of the world. So
everyone interest into coming into the
Hong Kong you know they can apply and
also the government just we uh you know
have a new policy announced in July
about the student accommodation. So like
a converting commercial property into
student hospital try to help to provide
more supply because we have more
non-local student coming into Hong Kong
and I think like almost two months after
the government's announcements of this
like a new policy we see a lot of
interest not just mainland capitals we
see overseas US you know UK or even
Australia because you know that this
recommendation sector is very well
adablished in in the UK in Australia. So
investor and operator in those market
now seeing opportunities here.
>> You need more dorms
>> in the dorms.
>> You need more dorms.
>> Oh yeah. Well, we need more students,
right?
>> Yeah. You can afford rent here.
>> The
>> you've had a lot of experience in
planning retail projects. And the reason
I say that now is there's this new
trend, we know this of course of going
north. Does the government need to be
more active in being able to strategize
the use of retail projects,
>> commercial projects in the city? Like
how does Hong Kong now fit strategically
because of this greater Bay Area
project? And do we need to hear that
from the government?
>> Yeah, I think like uh that they need to
provide some sentiment or incentive like
for locals and also visitors to be
spending in Hong Kong. Maybe like you
know the spending consumption voucher
may be one way to go to enlight you know
the interest of um local people like to
get back this local consumption and then
the government already have done a lot
like those mega events those you know
sports and and attract a lot of like
businesses recently. I think keep going
in that way that will help and also the
the yacht you know is an other new
econom uh economic driver so that will
also help to attract you know new stream
of visitors coming into Hong Kong like
with the yaching clubs and those things
I think we on the right track so just
keeping keep doing what we are doing
well now that help
>> okay
>> residential office retail what are you
most optimistic about and what's the
outlook for maybe all three now
>> uh I think like Retail will be possibly
like the among all those sectors like
recovery faster because office market we
still facing the challenges of high
vacancy rates and then like a lot of
supply the supply pipel should be
slowing down after next year. So the
government already stopped like selling
any commercial land this year and then
that will help the the the markets to
have a period like a digesting our
existing stock and then that will help
to stabilize the rental but it take more
time but I think like there is also an a
a new um demand driver in the office
market we've been seeing in the past you
know a year or two is the education
sector. Oh
>> yeah, the universities now they have a
lot of non-local student they need more
you know teaching facilities as well as
student accommodations. You can see you
know the university is the new you know
uh uh uh demands like they purchasing
office space they are you know leasing
up um uh spaces or even taking up hotel
as their student dom. So that will help
you know like uh to to digest some of
the stocks in the market as well. Isn't
there a restaurant here that recently
got
>> Metropole?
>> Metropole, right?
>> Just got bought by Uncle US. Yeah.
>> There we go. So,
>> yeah. More space.
>> Yes.
>> Well, hopefully a space for learning and
not just like pretending to read like I
we used to do in the library back in the
day. You know, demand for a bigger
library, but just to hang out air
conditioned one. Kathy, thank you so
much.
>> Yep. You're welcome.
>> Kathy Lee, head of research and retail
consultancy that at Callers, by the way.
Yep. Big one coming up in 20 minutes
time and the policy address from John
Lee. subscribers on the Bloomberg
terminal can check it out. This one tigo
is the function that you run and maybe
the blog is ongoing not yet if not
already. Anyway, check out gearing up.
There we go. That's the that's the
operating word. Plenty more ahead here
on the China show.
[Music]
All
right, we're checking BU shares here
right now.
We're at 12% upside here right now. So,
uh this is of course in the back of what
we heard from Are there, you know,
research team there, Sha Yang, uh
upgrading that stock, right? Straight
from sell to all the way to a buy on the
back of the
>> That's how I got married, too.
is
>> I got rerated
>> chip venture, right? No neutral. We
don't like to be neutral.
>> Um but certainly that's the one catalyst
there really talking about the optimism
on that and really could it actually
offset what you know has been a drag of
the stock which is basically a
struggling online ad business.
>> Okay. Well, let's should we keep
ourselves grounded?
>> Robert Lee always keeps us grounded.
>> Yeah. For the Let's hear his take right
now. um senior analyst of course at
Bloomberg Intelligence. Okay. Why don't
we talk about this recent runup that
we've seen in we'll start things off
with one of your favorites by do
>> okay I think we need to split this
conversation into two halves. We could
talk about sentiment market sentiment
sentiment towards AI. I don't need to
tow the answer. It's pretty bullish.
>> The share price is already telling us
that
>> the share price is telling you that. So
it's sort of some might say fill your
boots in terms of sentiment. But then,
you know, back to reality, back to the
fundamentals, and I'll just quote a
couple of quick stats. Uh, BYU's EPS is
predicted by consensus to decline by
nearly 30% year-over-year this year. So,
it's going to be a pretty tough year.
And also, the earnings estimates both
for this year and next have been
downgraded more than 20%. So, you know,
the profit outlook that analysts had at
the beginning of year has been
substantially downgraded. Now, a bullish
person would say, well, that's fine.
That's all in the price. We all know
that, you know, it's going to be better
next year as as we British sometimes
say, jam tomorrow, right? So, is this
new chip going to deliver a new wave of
earnings upgrades, earnings renaissance
at BU? I don't think so. Because really
what BU is doing alongside with Alibaba
is mirroring what their US peers are
doing because there's a shortage of AI
accelerators in the market. Then
naturally, they need to develop their
own. And also the the sort of news that
we've seen which has maybe prompted part
of the share price rally is uh news that
BU is is is maybe developing a new chip.
You know we don't know the details on
that. We don't have real visibility on
it. There is a second piece of news
which is um driving sentiment in the
semiconductor sector for China. Um sorry
I've talked too long but so I just
finished on this one.
>> Uh there is a a privatelyowned uh maker
of equipment. So in a way in crew terms
a Chinese equivalent of an ASML who's
supposed to be testing their equipment
um with SMIC. That's the one. Yes. Which
is China's TSMC if you like the the main
foundry.
>> So again I think that's driven uh
sentiment in the sector. Um because
again if confirmed it highlights that
China is making further progress to
become self-sufficient on chips and chip
technology and reduce its uh reliance on
external mainly western suppliers.
>> Yeah. The it could be the first
domestically produced advanced chipm
equipment. Right.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and really kind of similar to what we
see from ASML, right?
>> So how should we look at that? Right. Is
that how significant is that for you?
But how likely how likely is that?
>> Yeah.
>> So you have two things, right? You have
lithography and you have hyperscalers.
Clearly
>> not fully accessible to the Chinese
market. Hence they have to look inward.
>> Yeah.
>> What's a what's a what's a lowerhanging
fruit between those two things as we try
and figure out which of these positive
narratives might likely come to fruition
earlier?
>> I think the world we live in at the
moment everything uh is ultimately
driven by chips, isn't it? It's it's
it's an electronic world. So be you know
developing native technology becoming
self-sufficient and chips of all the
various priorities has to be number one
um because it drives everything. Um and
I think ultimately you know China will
do it. It's just a question of time. So
you know they've got fantastic engineers
they got the full weight of state behind
them a lot of state investment. um
whether you know this this this story
today is confirmed or not uh you know
regardless of that I think in the long
run China is making strong progress to
develop its own um native chipm
technology um so I think this is you
know another uh way point in the ongoing
um direction of travel if you like so
that was a very convoluted way of saying
it they're making good progress you know
when the I guess key question is When
will they become self-sufficient in
mainstream chips? They're on the way to
doing that. Is that something they could
achieve in the next few years? Possibly,
but we'll have to wait and see how
things develop. The biggest technical
barrier to entry is on these EUV
machines. These are the very high-end
machines uh which are monop um really
ASML has a monopoly on that. That's
incredibly hard to do. You know, may
take multiple years, in fact, you know,
a decade plus to make a breakthrough on
that. But again with the huge resources
that China can deploy um I think
ultimately a breakthrough will be made
but it could be 10 10 plus years away.
>> Robert thank you Robert Lee there our
intelligence senior analyst as well. Um
of course we're talking more global news
here and certainly what's we're watching
out of Israel here. Uh so they have
started a long threatening push into
Gaza City after weeks of air strikes and
incursions into its outskirts. An
Israeli military spokesman says
operations will continue until Hamas is
defeated and hostages freed. The
offensive comes as a UN Commission
report concludes Israel is committing
genocide against Palestinians in Gaza.
The report calls on the international
community to push to end the war. House
Republicans have unveiled a stop gap
spending bill to keep the US government
open passed an October first shutdown
deadline. The measure would keep
agencies operating through November 21st
and provide new funding for security. It
needs at least seven Senate Democrat
votes to overcome procedural hurdles.
>> Right. Uh we're turning our attention
now to Southeast Asia, Indonesia
specifically. This Fed conversation, the
currencies coming up bottom of your
screen. So I'm looking at the equity
markets a tenth of 1% to the upside.
Within the Indonesian story is well,
what does the central bank look like? We
talked about the Fed, right? You have
lawmakers. Well, they're weighing
potential changes to the mandate of the
central bank, heightening, I guess, some
concerns about the central bank's
independence. Question mark. You have
some lawmakers saying that the
amendments could also include setting a
lower bar in terms of being able to
remove monetary policy officials. Let's
bring in our deputy bureau chief in
Jakarta, Cla J. She's with us right now
to help us understand. Claire, I guess
markets should care about this. What
should investors make though of these
proposals specifically? Claire,
>> yeah, a lot of alarming headlines uh
last night with lawmakers saying they
could consider expanding Bank
Indonesia's mandate to include job
creation, but also to allow the
parliament to effectively dismiss Bank
Indonesia officials um based on an
evaluation of their performance. And the
reason why this is raising some concerns
is because it follows just a few weeks
after Bank Indonesia revamped what it's
called uh burden sharing program where
essentially it will shoulder some part
of the debt costs of the president's
priority uh economic programs. Um so I
guess if you're a long-term investor in
Indonesia, what you're asking is after
the protests, you're seeing the
president tighten his reigns on power um
pursuing a more aggressive push on uh
growing the economy. what role will the
central bank have to play there and will
it have to do some heavy lifting?
Obviously, we've seen this trend in the
US and even in Thailand here in Asia.
Um, but this has been a slow and steady
creep in Indonesia. Uh, a few years ago,
they've already added economic growth to
its mandate and this is the latest
attempt now to expand it even further.
And if you want to take us another step
back, you're also seeing that the
cabinet reshuffle has removed a
long-erving finance minister potentially
reviewing a budget deficit cap. So for
an investor, you're asking you have the
back Indonesian's independence
potentially compromised a new approach
to fiscal policy. What does this mean
for Indonesia's fundamentals and its
institutions?
>> Yes, that's certainly rattling some
investors um there. But there's still
going to be a Bank of Indonesia decision
later on today. What's expected given a
lot of uncertainty when it comes to the
political situation there too?
>> Exactly that, Ivan. that um they're
expecting Bank Indonesia to hold its
curate for today essentially to give a
sense of calm and take stock of
everything that's happened over the
tumultuous few weeks that we've seen.
You've had violent protests in
Indonesia. You've had a cabinet
reshuffle removing a well-renowned uh
finance minister. Um and the Indonesian
Rupia has been the worst performer among
the worst performers in Asia during that
time. Um, another thing that will
complicate Bank Indonesia's
decision-making is this new program by
the new finance minister, which is to
flood the economy with about 12 billion
dollars. Um, and they've been explicitly
ordered not to absorb any of this
liquidity. Now, the goal has been to
jumpstart lending and to boost economic
growth, but this also has ramifications
for inflation down the line. Economists
are already expecting this could push
inflation up higher up uh Bank
Indonesia's target in 2026 and that
means a hold for today but even longer
term. Does that mean an earlier end to
Bank Indonesia's easing cycle?
>> All right, Claire, thank you. Claire
Jiao there, our Indonesia deputy bureau
chief joining us out of Jakarta here
this morning. We got a lot to unpack of
bankia later on today. Plenty more
ahead. This is London.
[Music]
All right, if we haven't woken our
viewers up already, here's something
that's going to get you out of your
beds. There's a bond auction coming
through out of Japan today. 20-year bond
option. So, I do you think they're going
to have difficulty get getting this one
through?
>> They might.
>> We've seen a demand being tested, but
given, you know, this is the first one
since the prime minister resigned, maybe
that does lead to a bit more concerns of
the fiscal side of things as well. And
yeah, there's also a bond sale in China,
too.
>> Yes. Yes. And I think the complication
here is this recent meltup in yields and
whether or not of course we will backs
stop it. But it's also all that being
said, the recent auctions in Japan have
so far gone through without further
complications compared to the ones
before that I think back in May and
early June. Uh but then again there's a
new uh new complications
this week too.
>> There is a BOJ meeting this week. I
guess we can over obsess that over
tomorrow once we talk about the Fed,
look ahead to the Bank of England and
then we could talk about the BOJ on
Friday.
[Music]